[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew arrive
on Fishman Island,
which is located ten thousand
meters below sea level.
There, they found themselves
facing the New Fishman Pirates,
who were looking to
destroy the Ryugu Kingdom,
and instigated an all out war.
After a long and
grueling battle,
Luffy finally defeated Hordy,
the captain of the
New Fishman Pirates,
thwarting their
plan for revenge.
[ROBIN]
Two years ago, up in Shandora,
I read a Poneglyph that located
one of the ancient weapons.
This mermaid princess who lived
during the same time as Joy Boy,
she was known by another
name as well, wasn't she?
She is the ancient
weapon, Poseidon!
[LUFFY]
"The Straw Hats Stunned!
The New Fleet
Admiral of the Navy!"
[NEPTUNE]
Hmm...
[NEPTUNE] Many years ago,
for some unknown purpose,
there were three
powerful entities
that could destroy
this entire world.
[NEPTUNE] They were ancient
weapons named after gods--
Pluton, Uranus, and Poseidon.
And one of those great
weapons is the princess.
[NEPTUNE]
Indeed.
Well, if that's the case,
we can't let anyone
else know about this.
If we did, the Government
and every other organization
would want Shirahoshi
for themselves.
Not to mention other pirates.
[CARIBOU]
Ancient weapons?
Strong enough to
destroy the whole world?
[CARIBOU chuckles] And to think
I was just going to take off
after stealing all
their silly trinkets!
How foolish of me,
I almost overlooked the most
valuable item they've got!
That mermaid princess is
more precious than I imagined!
[CARIBOU chuckles]
[FISHMAN SOLDIERS chattering]
[LUFFY] Whew! I think I
could go for another plate!
Don't tell me you've scarfed
down that much food already!
Can you blame me?
It's all so good. I could
eat this stuff till I die!
Especially the candy!
[LUFFY] It's as good as meat!
I'll take a hundred more!
W-Well, actually,
I'm afraid we've just
about run out of the candy.
B-But I'd be happy to
bring you something else
to eat if you'd like me to.
Okay, sure!
Tell me something, Luffy.
While you sit here
stuffing your face,
are you aware of all that's
been happening in the world?
Huh? What're you
gettin' at, Jimbei?
Ah, so you're
completely uninformed.
That's a problem, but
I can't say I'm shocked.
I'm lost.
[shouts]
[BOTH] We've brought
you more food, Luffy!
Come with me.
Sure. Just gimme a second.
[BOTH]
Huh?
I'm gonna take this one to go!
[LUFFY chuckles]
[LUFFY]
Hey!
--[NAMI] Hm?
--You guys left the party, too?
[snoring]
I'm trying to sober up.
I drank too much.
And I ate too much.
Sanji flirted too much.
This place is so magical.
There's so many babes,
I can't take it.
[USOPP burps]
What?!
So Akainu and Aokiji
fought each other?
[JIMBEI]
It was a major event.
Did Rayleigh never mention this
to you during your training?
[LUFFY]
Nope, this is news to me.
[JIMBEI]
That was cruel of him.
Oh! I knew about
it the whole time!
So did I do good?
That's crazy!
It all started two years ago,
right after the war ended.
Sengoku resigned
as Fleet Admiral.
[JIMBEI] Aokiji was
well-liked among his own men,
so Sengoku nominated him
to take over the title.
But many high-ranking
officials favored Akainu,
so he became a
contender as well.
[JIMBEI] Aokiji is
normally cool-tempered,
but he was quite adamant
in his disapproval of Akainu.
He found him unfit
for the position.
So it did not take long
for the disagreement
to come to blows on
an island somewhere.
It was the first and final
battle between the two admirals.
[JIMBEI]
It was agreed that whoever lost
would withdraw his
candidacy without protest.
And the winner...
...would become the
leader of the Navy.
As the rest of
the world now knows,
they fought for ten whole days.
The two opponents were
equally matched in power,
but the duel finally ended.
Akainu, or as some know him,
Sakazuki, emerged victorious.
[LUFFY groans]
That bastard won?
I'm putting an end to this!
So did he kill Aokiji?
Well, both Admirals
were severely injured.
In fact Aokiji couldn't
even stand after it was over.
However Akainu was
strangly merciful towards him.
Despite this, Aokiji refused
to accept the result.
He has resigned from the Navy.
I can't believe Aokiji would
just up and quit like that.
[JIMBEI]
Indeed.
I wonder what's been going
through his mind since then.
The Government has certainly
lost a valuable asset.
You can say that again.
The Admirals were
the main reason
the Navy was so
powerful, weren't they?
At first, yes, but they have
found ways to overcompensate
in Aokiji's absence.
One might argue that they're
more dangerous than ever now.
There is still much
you do not know.
Listen closely.
Before you reach the New
World, you must be aware
of two key changes that
have occurred there.
Now then, the first matter, as
I've already begun to explain,
is that the Navy under
Fleet Admiral Sakazuki
is stronger than before.
And secondly...
...the Blackbeard Pirates are
making strides of their own.
Those guys again?
You mean the ones we
met back in Mock Town?
They attacked my homeland.
I could never forget them!
This new era they keep
rambling on and on about
is a load of crap.
The era when pirates dream of
treasure will come to an end?
Right! [cackles]
The dreams of pirates...
...will never end!
[cackling]
So you're...
...Blackbeard.
Huh?
Oh, right, I guess I never
gave you my name, did I?
[cackles]
Long time no see,
Straw Hat Luffy.
[JIMBEI]
He spent many years
as a member of the
Whitebeard Pirates.
He was already familiar
with the territory.
So after their captain died,
Blackbeard wasted no time
in seizing control
of it for himself...
...using the Tremor Tremor Fruit
he stole upon
Whitebeard's death.
He's gaining quite
the reputation.
Along with Shanks,
Kaido, and Big Mom,
he's joined the ranks
of the Four Emperors.
So he stole Whitebeard's
Devil Fruit and his title?
Talk about a scumbag!
I agree, his audacity
is infuriating.
There's a rumor going around
that they're currently
on the hunt for those
with Devil Fruit powers.
I am not sure how it's possible,
but it seems they've found a way
to acquire abilities from the
other people upon killing them.
Clearly, they plan to
usurp the strongest powers
they can find and
become unstoppable.
Be on your guard.
No, they're gonna take mine!
The Human Human Fruit?
I think you're safe.
You sure?
I worry for you the most, Luffy.
I know there's a great deal of
bad blood between you and Teach.
You must take care--
Luffy!
Have you been listening to me?
Uh?
You're supposed to
be the captain here!
The captain needs to have
at least some idea
of the situation!
Whoa, it's okay, Jimbei.
The rest of us heard you.
Huh?
I thought the captain
was supposed to goof off
while the crew
looks out for him!
Shame on you, Luffy!
A good captain dedicates his
life to the safety of his crew,
and here you are--
Don't be such a drag!
I'd rather take my chances
and see what happens.
It's more fun that way!
[JIMBEI gasping]
[JIMBEI]
I don't envy you all one bit.
[STRAW HAT PIRATES]
Tell me about it.
Are you here, Luffy-chin?
There you are!
The party's for you, ya know.
Why are all you guys hiding out?
[LUFFY]
Hey, Camie!
Oh, yeah, what happened
to Weepyhoshi? She leave?
She was tired.
All the excitement made
her need a little nap,
so she went up to her room.
[LUFFY]
Hmm...
Uh.
[LUFFY]
Mm...
Hang on.
Zoro!
Sanji!
It seems like... there's
some kinda monster here.
You may be right.
[SANJI]
Yeah, I feel it, too.
[sighs]
I never dreamed a party
could be such fun!
I might have to take a little
nap just to recover from it all!
Uh.
[SHIRAHOSHI screams]
[yells]
[SHIRAHOSHI yells]
[CARIBOU cackles]
[SHIRAHOSHI screams]
[cackles]
[screams]
Help me!
[CARIBOU]
Shh!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Who are you?
Please, I beg you, unhand me!
[cackles]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Someone, please save me!
[CARIBOU cackles]
[CARIBOU] You've cut me
to the quick, princess!
Don't look so unhappy to see me!
Just relax.
I promise I won't do anything
to cause you pain, my dear!
I was ready to settle
for just the treasure after
selling off the other mermaids
turned out to be a hassle,
but you might just
be an exception!
Now then, I want
you to be a good girl
and go to sleep
for a little while.
Can you do that for me?
I just received word
from my brother!
He and the crew have made
port on Fishman Island!
We're all headed
to the New World,
and we'd like for you
to come along with us!
Is that...?
Now, now. Show me a smile!
[CARIBOU cackling]
Hey, you!
Oh, what do you want, Straw Hat?
Go find your own mermaid
princess. We're busy!
[CARIBOU laughing]
[yelps]
[CARIBOU]
It's you!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Luffy!
[screams]
[thud]
[CARIBOU yelling]
That guy was still here?
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Luffy!
[SANJI gasps]
That was scary,
thank you for saving me!
[SANJI]
Luffy, you lucky bastard!
I shoulda kicked him
while I had the chance!
Wasn't that the pirate we
captured not too long ago?
I haven't seen him
since we left the island.
Hell, I haven't even
thought about him.
Oh, well, I guess he's gone now.
That was a close call.
We really can't
thank you enough, Luffy.
Eh, it's no big deal.
That ruffian who stole from us.
I can't believe
he was still nearby!
This place is usually
locked up so tight
even a guppy can't get in.
But with everything
that's happened,
it seems we left it open!
And look!
That big tower over there
has been sliced clean in two!
The robber must've done it
while we were out in the plaza!
[ZORO]
Hm...
Sorry, actually,
that would be this guy.
Man, you shoulda seen him!
When they got out of the cage,
he was hacking and slashing
all over the pla--!
[ZORO] Jeez! Learn to keep your
mouth shut, stupid starfish!
I don't think so!
If I don't say something,
that makes me an accomplice!
Hey, Righty, here's a question!
R-Righty?
You mentioned a
treasure thief, right?
Yes, you heard correctly.
That unsavory man
who was just here
snuck into the palace
and robbed us blind!
Really? Well, then.
[ZORO, LUFFY gasp]
Here we go again.
[NAMI] You're gonna let him
steal national treasures?
[NEPTUNE] Now that my
people are safe from harm,
I care nothing
for material riches.
[NAMI]
Oh, cut the crap.
[NAMI gasps]
Wait, so you're saying you
don't want them anymore?
[NEPTUNE] If you can rescue
them, you're free to keep them.
It's the least I can
do for our heroes.
Well, if you insist!
[NAMI] You idiots just had
to kick him into next week,
didn't you?
Why couldn't you just knock him
out and tie him up in the tower?
[ZORO, LUFFY yell]
Oh, Nami, you're so cute--
[thudding]
[NAMI]
Go catch him and bring him back!
[LUFFY, ZORO, SANJI yelling]
[NAMI panting]
[FISHMAN SOLDIER A]
Y-Your Majesty!
[NEPTUNE]
Hmm?
It's Hordy and his men, sir!
Their handcuffs came off!
[NEPTUNE]
But how?
[HORDY]
Damn you, humans!
Don't think we've
forgotten our grudge!
We'll exact our
revenge soon enough!
And Straw Hat'll
be the first to die!
Bring him to my cell!
[HORDY cackling]
[HORDY coughing]
Oof, my back hurts.
I sure could use a drink!
[ZEO coughs]
I aged myself on purpose.
I wanna get back
at the Straw Hats,
but my energy's at
an all-time lowsun.
Kya, kya...
We won't show them
an ounce of mercy-hhi.
What in the world
has happened here?
Don't tell me.
Is that Hordy and his crew?
You think these
bars can hold me?
What a bunch of morons!
I'll break them in.
[HORDY grunts]
[HORDY yells]
Captain Hordy!
[BOTH yelling]
Why are they so brittle?
Just as I thought.
That Energy Steroid
you were taking
to make yourselves stronger,
and the pill from
inside the Tamate Box--
they're one and
the same, aren't they?
Uh, Tamate Box?
[NEPTUNE]
A priceless artifact
passed down for
generations, jamon.
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
The pills hidden inside
were highly valuable as well,
but ten years ago,
someone stole them from us.
We failed to catch the culprit.
His Majesty was concerned
that a scandal might break out.
So we closed the case.
Actually, Hordy.
I think that happened around
the same time you left the army.
Interesting.
Ha. Of course it was me.
Look what's happened to my body!
Need me to spell it out for you?
[NEPTUNE] The pills
were treasured heirlooms,
the truth behind their
purpose lost long ago.
Tales of their power and the
curse that accompanied them
were both passed down
merely as legend.
But still enough
to make us wary.
It would appear
that our discretion
was warranted, however.
The Tamate Box
was carefully guarded
for the safety of our people.
This result is
truly regrettable.
If you had not
allowed your judgement
to be clouded by
foolish dreams of power,
you would not have
subjected yourselves
to this terrible fate.
What the hell do you know?
[HORDY coughs]
[NEPTUNE] In any case, they'll
never get their vengeance now.
You'll see!
The heavens have chosen
us to settle the score
and that's just what we'll do!
And we'll not only wipe
out the human race...
...we'll annihilate you
and your entire family!
[NEPTUNE]
I pity them.
Perhaps I ought to
offer them clemency.
[HORDY]
Wait, Neptune!
[HORDY] Fukaboshi, you're
a disgrace to our people!
Fishman Island is healing now.
So, although you
killed my mother,
I will not hold a grudge.
[HORDY gasps]
The least that you can do,
is refrain from speaking.
I don't want the children
hearing your poisonous words.
[FISHMAN SOLDIER B]
Minister of the Left!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Huh?
Baron Tamago and Mr. Pekoms.
They're at the sweets factory!
They're here to
collect for Big Mom.
We can't face them now!
[CROWD whimpers]
[PEKOMS]
Hand over the sweets! Grr!
[TAMAGO] Don't keep
Mama waiting. Tout de suite!
We don't have any sweets
for this month's payment.
Hordy and his lackeys
tore the factory apart.
And all the candy
we could salvage
was sent to the banquet so
the Straw Hats could enjoy it!
What should we do?
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Something tells me Big Mom
of the Four Emperors won't
be satisfied with an apology.
That woman would level
an entire country for sweets!
[NARRATOR] While the
Straw Hats rush to retrieve
Fishman Island's
stolen treasure,
pirates working
for Big Mom appear.
After scarcely avoiding
destruction at Hordy's hand,
the island is now under threat
from an even stronger adversary.
Luffy steps up to save
the Fishmen once again,
but may doom himself
by antagonizing
one of the strongest
pirates in the New World.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"She Loves Sweets!
Big Mom of the Four Emperors!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!